feat(docs): added EngHub doc links to corresponding actions readmes (#635)
grafana/shared-workflows: actions/get-vault-secrets/README.md

# get-vault-secrets

> > > If you are at Grafana Labs, follow these steps in the [internal documentation](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net/docs/default/component/deployment-tools/platform/vault/) first.

Reviewer: I'd link to this section

```suggestion
> > If you are at Grafana Labs, see the [internal documentation](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net/docs/default/component/deployment-tools/platform/vault/#ci-secrets) for the paths where this workflow can read secrets from.
```
